Oh, man!
Viviana Mendoza: Hello! My name is Viviana Megoso.
Viviana Mendoza: So for my 1st homework
Viviana Mendoza: I decided to
Viviana Mendoza: let me share my screen.
Viviana Mendoza: You know what I will start with the code first.st
Viviana Mendoza: So this is my code.
Viviana Mendoza: so what I did was I made the website part first, st and then the root element, which is the HTML.
Viviana Mendoza: And then I had. This is my head element, and the web page title, is my personal portfolio portfolio, using HTML text formatting element.
Viviana Mendoza: And so what I did.
Viviana Mendoza: this is the body of my whole website.
Viviana Mendoza: My heading is my name with a 1st pitch. My 1st web page as the title.
Viviana Mendoza: and then for my subtext is the programmer and personal trainer.
Viviana Mendoza: And then my contact information which I used h. 1 for this for my main, the subtext h. 2 and then h. 3, as contact information. Whereas it's not
Viviana Mendoza: super important, but or it is important, but more under
Viviana Mendoza: the level
Viviana Mendoza: and then I used br to break it, or
Viviana Mendoza: to make it into 4 different lines, just so I could have like a more neater look. And then I added, horizontal
Viviana Mendoza: fine for right here. Let me go into
Viviana Mendoza: the page
Viviana Mendoza: so we can.
Viviana Mendoza: Okay, and here is my website.
Viviana Mendoza: so.
Viviana Mendoza: as you can see on my web page, I have my
Viviana Mendoza: 1st name, last name, 1st web page and then programmer and personal trainer as my aspirations in the future.
Viviana Mendoza: My contact information, as you can tell.
Viviana Mendoza: And then right here is where the horizontal
Viviana Mendoza: fine is that.
Viviana Mendoza: and then I have a small description of myself which I use a paragraph. So it starts from here and ends here, and then right here after my goal to be working for apple in 10 years
Viviana Mendoza: time making programs ends
Viviana Mendoza: right here. I made it in bold because that is my goal to work at Apple. Maybe that will change in 10 years times, but
Viviana Mendoza: as of right now, that is my goal.
Viviana Mendoza: and then. So my next heading, which is my education and experience, as you can tell, I don't have much.
Viviana Mendoza: and that is why I did like a small brief paragraph to give you a description, or like a brief summary of what it is.
Viviana Mendoza: And yeah, then the end of my body and the end of Htmf, and that is my website as of
Viviana Mendoza: no.